posts/2022-01-24-whats-in-a-boostagram.md, before:

---
title: "What's in a Boostagram"
summary: 'Closing the Loop is a podcast about Bitcoin and the entrepreneurs, developers, and thinkers who are pushing its evolution. But on top of that, it is also a playground for us to explore and experiment with the technological and financial possibilities that Bitcoin brings to online publishing.'
date: '2022-01-24'
blocktime: '720166'
author: '@dnlggr'
linkAuthorTwitter: true
thumbnail: 'thumbnail.jpeg'
cover: 'cover.jpeg'
coverImageCaption: 'Cover photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@snowshade">Oleg Laptev</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/megaphone">Unsplash</a>.'
unlisted: true
---

_Closing the Loop_ is a podcast about Bitcoin and the entrepreneurs, developers, and thinkers who are pushing its evolution. But on top of that, it is also a playground for us to explore and experiment with the technological and financial possibilities that Bitcoin brings to online publishing.

## Podcasting 2.0

One such technology is cheap and secure micropayments. Today, if you enjoy listening to Closing the Loop you can send us small amounts of Bitcoin to show your support using a [Podcasting 2.0 enabled app](https://podcastindex.org/apps), like [Breez](https://breez.technology). These apps, essentially, are podcast players that you can load up with some sats—the smallest unit of Bitcoin.

With these apps, when you listen to a show you enjoy—one that provides value to you in some way—you can give back some value by sending the show’s creator some sats. Completely voluntarily of course—no strings attached. This model of voluntary giving for digital content is known as the [value-for-value model](https://dergigi.com/2021/12/30/the-freedom-of-value).

Value-for-value flips the publishing model for online content on its head. Instead of maximizing clicks or view time, creators can focus on providing actual value for their audience. And if the audience likes what they see or hear, some value will flow back to the creators.

All of this is made possible by Bitcoin’s [Lightning Network](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Lightning_Network). The Lightning Network is a payment network built on top of Bitcoin which enables secure, cheap, and instantaneous payments at scale. All while being rooted and settled on the Bitcoin [timechain](https://dergigi.com/2021/01/14/bitcoin-is-time).

## Streaming Sats

Back to Closing the Loop and Podcasting 2.0.

When listening to a podcast, most Podcasting 2.0 apps let you choose between sending one-time payments—also called boosts—at any point during an episode or streaming a pre-configured amount of sats per minute as you listen to a show.

When you listen to an episode of Closing the Loop and you send us some sats, they will be split between the episode’s guest and us. Your payment will be routed directly to the guests and us over the Lightning Network—no middlemen required.

## Boostagrams

People often use one-time boosts to highlight a certain part of an episode that they particularly enjoyed—a funny joke, an interesting insight, or a great quote.

When we receive a boost, we not only receive your sats but also some metadata like a timestamp when the boost occurred during an episode. This helps us identify the parts of an episode people liked the most. In the future, we are planning to make this information available to the public so that everyone can see what parts of an episode were particularly interesting. Imagine a visual timeline that shows the peaks of monetary engagement for each episode.

A boost can optionally carry a message from you to us and most apps let you attach a few words to your boosts already. Such a message is called a _boostagram_.

When you send us a boost with a message—a boostagram—it will be published on the webpage for that episode at [seetee.io/podcast](https://seetee.io/podcast).[^1]

[^1]: It might take a bit for your message to show up as we reserve the right to moderate messages. Just check back the next day and it will be there. If you continue to have issues, let us know by opening an issue on GitHub.

We hope that this can be a fun way of interacting with the show and letting everyone know what you thought of a particular episode.

## Building in the Open

We are still experimenting with this technology and hope to build out and integrate more Podcasting 2.0 technology in the future. Let us know what you think! We are more than happy to hear your suggestions, feedback, and criticism via [@Seetee_io](https://twitter.com/@Seetee_io) on Twitter. You can also drop us a line at <a href="mailto:hello@seetee.io">hello@seetee.io</a>.

We are building all this out in the open at [github.com/seetee-io](https://github.com/seetee-io). If you are a podcaster or creator and want to build on top of our work or simply reuse what we built—you are more than welcome to do so!

---

### Further Resources

- [Podcast Index](https://podcastindex.org/), [Podcasting 2.0](https://podcastindex.org/podcast/920666), and [Podcaster Wallet](https://podcasterwallet.com/)
- Value4Value for Podcasters: [value4value.io](http://value4value.io/)
- Hosted wallet for Podcasters: [satoshis.stream](https://satoshis.stream/)
- [What are Boostagrams?](https://youtu.be/6mKGBtEiq1E) by Castos

### Further Reading

- [The Freedom of Value](https://dergigi.com/2021/12/30/the-freedom-of-value/) by Gigi
- [It’s Time to Short Subscriptions and Go Long on Lightning](https://medium.com/breez-technology/its-time-to-short-subscriptions-and-go-long-on-lightning-a89c83820ef5) by Roy Sheinfeld
- [The Mental Accounting Barrier to Micropayments](https://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literature/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/micropayments.html) by Nick Szabo

Commit message:

Minor edits
* Remove "back to" sentence
* Add reference to HRF
* Add link to Closing the Loop and put name in italics

posts/2022-01-24-whats-in-a-boostagram.md, after:

---
title: "What's in a Boostagram"
summary: 'Closing the Loop is a podcast about Bitcoin and the entrepreneurs, developers, and thinkers who are pushing its evolution. But on top of that, it is also a playground for us to explore and experiment with the technological and financial possibilities that Bitcoin brings to online publishing.'
date: '2022-01-24'
blocktime: '720166'
author: '@dnlggr'
linkAuthorTwitter: true
thumbnail: 'thumbnail.jpeg'
cover: 'cover.jpeg'
coverImageCaption: 'Cover photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@snowshade">Oleg Laptev</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/megaphone">Unsplash</a>.'
unlisted: true
---

[Closing the Loop](https://seetee.io/podcast) is a podcast about Bitcoin and the entrepreneurs, developers, and thinkers who are pushing its evolution. But on top of that, it is also a playground for us to explore and experiment with the technological and financial possibilities that Bitcoin brings to online publishing.

## Podcasting 2.0

One such technology is cheap and secure micropayments. Today, if you enjoy listening to Closing the Loop you can send us small amounts of Bitcoin to show your support using a [Podcasting 2.0 enabled app](https://podcastindex.org/apps), like [Breez](https://breez.technology). These apps, essentially, are podcast players that you can load up with some sats—the smallest unit of Bitcoin.

With these apps, when you listen to a show you enjoy—one that provides value to you in some way—you can give back some value by sending the show’s creator some sats. Completely voluntarily of course—no strings attached. This model of voluntary giving for digital content is known as the [value-for-value model](https://dergigi.com/2021/12/30/the-freedom-of-value).

Value-for-value flips the publishing model for online content on its head. Instead of maximizing clicks or view time, creators can focus on providing actual value for their audience. And if the audience likes what they see or hear, some value will flow back to the creators.

All of this is made possible by Bitcoin’s [Lightning Network](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Lightning_Network). The Lightning Network is a payment network built on top of Bitcoin which enables secure, cheap, and instantaneous payments at scale. All while being rooted and settled on the Bitcoin [timechain](https://dergigi.com/2021/01/14/bitcoin-is-time).

## Streaming Sats

When listening to a podcast, most Podcasting 2.0 apps let you choose between sending one-time payments—also called boosts—at any point during an episode or streaming a pre-configured amount of sats per minute as you listen to a show.

When you listen to an episode of _Closing the Loop_ and you send us some sats, they will be split between the episode’s guest and us, or go directly to a good cause like the HRF. Your payment will be routed directly to the recipients over the Lightning Network—no middlemen required.

## Boostagrams

People often use one-time boosts to highlight a certain part of an episode that they particularly enjoyed—a funny joke, an interesting insight, or a great quote.

When we receive a boost, we not only receive your sats but also some metadata like a timestamp when the boost occurred during an episode. This helps us identify the parts of an episode people liked the most. In the future, we are planning to make this information available to the public so that everyone can see what parts of an episode were particularly interesting. Imagine a visual timeline that shows the peaks of monetary engagement for each episode.

A boost can optionally carry a message from you to us and most apps let you attach a few words to your boosts already. Such a message is called a _boostagram_.

When you send us a boost with a message—a boostagram—it will be published on the webpage for that episode at [seetee.io/podcast](https://seetee.io/podcast).[^1]

[^1]: It might take a bit for your message to show up as we reserve the right to moderate messages. Just check back the next day and it will be there. If you continue to have issues, let us know by opening an issue on GitHub.

We hope that this can be a fun way of interacting with the show and letting everyone know what you thought of a particular episode.

## Building in the Open

We are still experimenting with this technology and hope to build out and integrate more Podcasting 2.0 technology in the future. Let us know what you think! We are more than happy to hear your suggestions, feedback, and criticism via [@Seetee_io](https://twitter.com/@Seetee_io) on Twitter. You can also drop us a line at <a href="mailto:hello@seetee.io">hello@seetee.io</a>.

We are building all this out in the open at [github.com/seetee-io](https://github.com/seetee-io). If you are a podcaster or creator and want to build on top of our work or simply reuse what we built—you are more than welcome to do so!

---

### Further Resources

- [Podcast Index](https://podcastindex.org/), [Podcasting 2.0](https://podcastindex.org/podcast/920666), and [Podcaster Wallet](https://podcasterwallet.com/)
- Value4Value for Podcasters: [value4value.io](http://value4value.io/)
- Hosted wallet for Podcasters: [satoshis.stream](https://satoshis.stream/)
- [What are Boostagrams?](https://youtu.be/6mKGBtEiq1E) by Castos

### Further Reading

- [The Freedom of Value](https://dergigi.com/2021/12/30/the-freedom-of-value/) by Gigi
- [It’s Time to Short Subscriptions and Go Long on Lightning](https://medium.com/breez-technology/its-time-to-short-subscriptions-and-go-long-on-lightning-a89c83820ef5) by Roy Sheinfeld
- [The Mental Accounting Barrier to Micropayments](https://www.fon.hum.uva.nl/rob/Courses/InformationInSpeech/CDROM/Literature/LOTwinterschool2006/szabo.best.vwh.net/micropayments.html) by Nick Szabo
